In order to get admission for any engineering degree it is mandatory to have at least 60% in 10th and 12th std, But as you are saying that you wish to enrol in electrical or aueronautical engineering then please make sure that you have 60% in PCM subjects then only the student is eligible for engineering.
Rajarshi Shahu College of Engineering is good college for Engineering. If you want to take admission for mechanical engineering RSCOE is on of the best college in Pune for mechanical engineering. https://www.shiksha.com/college/rajarshi-shahu-college-of-engineering-rscoe-tathawade-pune-25081/reviews.
RSCOE is one of the best college for engineering in Pune. For Entc department there is good placement in core as well as IT sector there are so many company visited in campus for campus recruitment process like vodafone, General Electronics, KPIT and many more. Highly qualified faculty is there and they fully focused on practical knowledge. If you look for Entc then RSCOE is the best for it.
Here's the fee structure:- https://www.shiksha.com/college/rajarshi-shahu-college-of-engineering-tathawade-pune-25081 .
Placements: Almost 70% of the students got placed from our college. It is a great experience of studying here. We get guidance on every opportunity that we get from companies and other courses.
Infrastructure: There is a personalised library for my department. The classrooms have video audio lectures along with chalk and board. Food quality in mess and canteen is good. There are sports tournaments for each department. Wi-Fi connectivity is provided in labs and classroom and library also for education.
Institute offers a fee waiver scheme for needy students and offers scholarships to toppers amongst First Year engineering students. For more details https://jspmrscoe.edu.in/scholarship_awards.php
RSCOE was established in 2001 by Jayawant Shikshan Prasarak Mandal (JSPM).
RSCOE is recognised by AICTE and has been accredited with 'A' grade by NAAC. 
Students can register in an online mode. They can visit the online portal and fill the application form for their desired course, lastly paying an application fee through Net banking/ debit card/credit card.
RSCOE is affiliated to Savitribai Phule Pune University.
RSCOE offers a total of 18 courses across three streams, namely IT, Management, and Engineering.
RSCOE does not offer PhD course, however, it offers MTech, MCA, and MBA at PG level.
RSCOE can take more than 1,250 students across all programmes.
Some of the Key recruiters that visit the Institute for hiring are Bentley, ZenSar, Sigma, Tech Mahindra, Capgemini, TCS, CIMF, and many more.